Good morning, family.
I'm excited to be able to come on today and introduce to you my wife, Diana.
We've been married for 22 years.
I'm really excited; she's been the person in the background.
She's the one that reads all the emails and comments to me, and she's helping respond.
She's been a real big part of this, and we just want to say thank you for all the financial blessings you've given our family and for the support—the likes and shares.
YouTube's really tried to suppress my videos lately.
We can see on our little chart what they've done, and my videos are just being seen by you all.
So, I just wanted to say thank you for sharing my stuff and for helping support getting the gospel out there, telling people that Jesus Christ loves them.
We're just so honored and thankful for all that you've done for us.
Diana, do you have anything you want to say?
"No, I just wanted to say thank you for all your support.
We enjoy reading your comments.
We always read them, and if we don't respond, just know that we're always praying over you.
Everything that we read, we're bringing it to God in prayer.
So, I just wanted to say thank you and we appreciate you so much for blessing our family and for all the likes and the subscribers.
We love you.
" We just want to say thank you, definitely.
I was praying about the border and all the things going on there: the sex trafficking, the drugs, and all the evil that's going on down there.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm going to tell you something.
What the devil meant for bad through the Democratic Party and all that they do by having these open borders—the hundreds of thousands of people flooding over—you don't need to worry about that, for I have a plan.
" I was like, "Oh, wow.
" He said, "Brandon, what the devil meant for bad, I'm going to turn it around for good.
These people are searching for the American Dream.
There's a lot of evil coming across the border also, not just innocent people that are wanting a new life.
There are terrorist elements and bad stuff happening, but Brandon, there's a great revival that's about to hit this nation and the world.
It's coming.
These people that are coming are going to get caught up in this great outpouring of my Spirit on this nation, and there's going to be a great harvest of souls at the Southern Border.
" He said there's going to be a great move of God on the Southern Border, with healings and restoration in people's lives.
He said, "Just get ready.
Don't worry about it.
My Son's return is right at the door.
You're thinking too small.
Do you realize what's about to happen?
A powerful move of my Spirit is about to hit this Earth.
Don't worry about all that fleshly stuff; there's going to be a great outpouring of my Spirit upon this Earth like never before.
" He said, "Brandon, don't worry about all that stuff.
I'm going to turn it around for good in my favor.
Watch what I'm about to do on the Southern Border.
" A great revival is about to break forth.
He said, "Remember this: if the devil would have known what was going to happen with Jesus, they wouldn't have crucified Him.
Remember this: if the devil would have known what was going to happen on the Southern Border with the revival that's about to break forth, he said he wouldn't have done this either.
I'm going to turn it around, son.
Watch.
" Whenever he said that, I felt the power of God all over me.
He said, "I'm going to turn it around.
There's going to be all this drug trafficking, all this drug trafficking.
Watch what happens.
" God's coming on the scene.
He's going to show up and embarrass the devil again.
They're not going to be able to cover it up—CNN, Fox, all these people—they're going to see it and ask, "What is going on down there?
" because a great move of God is about to pour out even on the Southern Border, all throughout Texas, Mexico, Arizona, and California.
Get ready!
A great revival is coming, and it's going to start on the Southern Border, too.
There's not a devil in hell that can stop what God's about to do.
It's going to be like popcorn, and Jesus is going to do it.
I just want to encourage you because I know a lot of people have been in fear of Al-Qaeda and whoever else is coming across.
We hear all this stuff on the news about what's going on with these children, but God's fixing to put an end to all that.
He's going to move in a great, mighty way in these last days.
So, get excited about what God is getting ready to do.
Pray and send laborers across their path.
It's going to be one of the glory spots.
I know that God is fixing—He said He's up to something big.
Get ready for something big, family.
A lot of people ask me about prayer tips.
The Bible says, "If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
" You need to get that scripture down inside you.
The Word needs to back your prayer to get the manifestation you're looking for.
A lot of people start praying with doubt and unbelief, but the Word backing your prayer moves your mountain and takes things out of the way.
And if you're men, if you're not honoring your wives, it talks about your prayers being hindered.
I'm going to put that scripture here in the description.
So you need to get strife out of your home and get that Word down inside your heart so you pray the scriptures.
Then, you need to take the "care" out of your prayer.
You've got to take the care out of your prayer because it hinders things.
"Be careful for nothing.
" You don't need to take the care on it.
For example, I was praying over my daughter, Megan, taking on the care of all the stuff she's going through.
Fear was trying to hit me about the future.
the devil always tries to come and speak: "What are you going to do now?
What are you going to do about your little girl when she gets older?
What happens when you go home to be with the Lord?
She's going to be left here by herself.
" All this doubt and unbelief was continually nagging at me: fear, fear, fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
You've got to cast down fear because it will rob you of your faith.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
If you're walking in fear and in torment, fear has torment, and he that feareth is not made perfect in love.
You can't allow him to build a stronghold in your thought life.
Cast those thoughts down.
Get the Word of God and say, "Devil, I doubt your doubt!
You're not going to speak your unbelief into my head.
Take that back to hell where you came from.
I'm walking in love.
" "Father, I thank you that you love me enough.
You love Megan and you have a plan for her life.
I thank you that your Word says that by the stripes of Jesus, Megan is healed.
You have a perfect plan for my baby, and I'm not going to worry about her future anymore.
" If you take it on, you may be laying in bed dying of an incurable disease, and the care and fear try to rise up on the inside of you, trying to rob you of your faith.
You've got to speak to those circumstances and realize that even in the last seconds, God can still turn it.
All things are possible to him who believes.
Faith will move your mountain.
I'm telling you, just believe and stand.
Never give up.
Even when I deal with it, he tries to drive me: "What are you going to do now?
You don't have any money saved back for her for going in a home that's going to cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
" I say, "It's not my problem, devil.
My God's got this.
He's big, and He's going to turn it around for me.
" And you know what?
I was praying, like I said, I was just interceding and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, 'Brandon, do you know what?
There will be a generation, son, that doesn't ever taste death, and you're that generation.
You're never going to see or taste death.
' He said, 'My son is coming.
My son is coming.
I've got this.
Cast your care, Brandon.
Cast it.
Cast your care.
Don't take the care anymore.
Take the care out of your prayer.
I've got you.
' And when he said that, peace flooded my heart and I said, 'Lord, I trust you.
' Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not unto thy own understanding, but in all thy ways acknowledge Him and He shall direct your path.
Trust in Him.
He's got you.
He loves you.
He's never going to let you down.
He's going to carry you through your trials.
He's going to carry you through the tribulations, just like he's done for me.
I am just human, y'all.
Everybody was asking for prayer, and everybody's asking me for healing and for all this stuff.
I don't control the switch; Jesus does.
But the same Jesus that lives in me lives in you.
You have the same power and authority living on the inside of you that lives in me.
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
Jesus lives on the inside of you.
It doesn't take me to pray for you; you can pray for yourself.
You have that authority that dwells on the inside of you.
You can speak to your mountain and it will hear you, and it will depart and be cast into the sea.
It will depart from you and be cast into the sea.
You have mountain-moving faith on the inside of you.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
That's the same way I got it.
I don't have Superman faith.
I have faith that has been consistent.
It's like going to the gym.
You go and you lift the weights.
You're working out, and you may see small results.
You may see a little bit here and there, but I've seen people that are huge bodybuilders and you know how they got there?
Not by one time going to the gym, not by two times going to the gym, but consistency is what brings the results.
When you are consistent with the word of God, when you get the word of God inside of you and it's consistency every day—every day you're hitting it—you know those divots in the caves, or the little water dripping on the rock, and all of a sudden over the course of time it creates a crater inside of it.
That's what happens when you keep the word inside of you.
Like a little drip, you keep it in there.
If your flesh wants to eat three times a day—breakfast, lunch, and dinner—you should feed your spirit some kind of food at least twice a day.
Get something on the inside of you.
How desperate are you for change in your life?
People say, 'Oh, I need change in my life.
I'm spiritually drained.
I'm spiritually going through all this stuff.
' How desperate are you for that change?
You've got to be desperate.
You've got to be like a bulldog on a bone.
You've got to say, 'I'm not going to give up until I get my miracle.
I'm not giving up until I get a touch from the Lord.
I want to hear you, Father.
' I'm telling you, I'm not anything special; I've just been diligent.
I just go and I get in the word.
I've been desperate.
When a man can hardly read or write or do anything and you see other men that are able to provide for their families and take care of their families, it's very humbling to me because I want to be that.
And so I've had to press in even harder because of the learning problems that I've dealt with.
I'm getting in the word, saying, 'God, show me how to take care of my family.
Show me what to do.
' I know that you're the provider.
I know you're the one that provides all my needs according to your riches in glory.
But Father, I thank you that you said you blessed my hands and anything I put my hands to, I will prosper.
So I get in those words, I find things, I ask Him, 'Father, show me what to invest in.
Show me what to do.
' I look for Him every day, all day long.
'God, what do you have for me today?
' Wake up every day anticipating, 'What's on your agenda for my life?
Not my agenda, but what's on your agenda?
What do you want me to do today, Lord?
' A lot of you might have to go to work from eight to five, but you can still seek Him for what's going on in your life.
'Lord, I thank you.
I submit myself unto you.
I just listen to you, God.
I thank you.
I'm desperate.
I'm hungry, Father.
Speak to me.
Show me the hidden things.
' Father, I pray Ephesians 1:18 over my mind: 'let the eyes of my understanding be enlightened, let me know the hope of my calling.
' Show me, God, show me what you have for me today.
When you get desperate for God, it says those that seek Me will find Me.
But He wants to see how hungry you are.
He wants to see how desperate you are, because whenever you get desperate and you get hungry and you start seeking Him, God shows up.
But I'm going to tell you this: I go to Him a lot of times with singing.
Last time when I sang those songs in the last video, that was the first time for me to ever sing in public to anybody other than my wife and my children.
I sing all the time.
Praise brings the presence down.
Praise does.
That's a key of spiritual warfare: worship.
When you get in there with thanksgiving...
I enter into His courts with thanksgiving in my heart; I enter His courts with praise.
I thank Him.
I thank Him for the electric.
Thank Him for your water.
Thank Him for the food you ate.
Take time to thank Him and worship Him for everything you have.
I sit there, and in my prayer time, even when my son and my wife were all praying, I just take a moment.
It may be ten percent of the prayer: 'God, I just want to tell you thank you for what you provided for me today.
Thank you for the clothes on my back.
Thank you for the shoes on my feet.
Thank you, Father, that I have air in my lungs.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, my children are whole.
Thank you, Lord, for the blessing of the trees.
Thank you, Lord, for my grass out front.
Thank you, Lord, for the flowers, for the birds, for my dogs, for my chickens, for everything you've given me.
God, you've been so good to me.
' You've got to get praise down inside of your heart.
If you want a manifestation of the glory of God in your house, you've got to be grateful for what He's done for you, because He's no respecter of persons.
And if He's going to be good to me, He'll be good to you.
I'm telling you, God isn't going to look at me in any other special way than you.
I just take time to worship Him.
A lot of people are lazy.
They don't want to go out to the spiritual gym.
I think it sucks to run on a treadmill, but some people enjoy it.
I don't.
But I enjoy going to the spiritual gym.
I like to see the things in the spirit.
I like to see angels.
I like to see those things.
But I'm going to tell you all, I never pursued one time for an angel encounter.
I never pursued one time for a Jesus encounter that I've had, or any kind of manifestation.
I just seek His face.
If you seek His face, you can have it.
If you seek Him, you can have what's in His hand.
If you seek what's in His hand—His provision—you don't want to do that.
You want to seek Him.
You want to seek His face.
He's not looking for a handout God.
'I thank you that you give me this stuff,' and you're always coming to Him whining.
He knows what you have need of.
He knows you're hurting.
If you have something going on in your life, come to Him in worship.
Come to just sing Him a song.
'Lord, I just want to sing you a song.
' And I just start singing Him a song.
'You are beautiful beyond description.
' You just start singing to Him.
'Father, I stand, I stand in awe of you.
' Just start singing to Him.
'I stand, I stand in awe of you, holy God to whom all praise is due.
I stand in awe of you.
' Worship Him.
Worship Him.
I start feeling His presence; He starts filling the house.
'Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Oh, you're worthy.
Oh, you're worthy, Lord.
You're worthy to be praised.
' God, thank you, Jesus.
And the more you do that, the more you practice His presence, the more He starts to come and the more He feels comfortable being around you.
The Holy Spirit's a gentleman.
He is not going to force Himself on you.
He goes where He's invited.
People, you need to understand: He loves each and every single one of us.
He loves us and He wants to come and be in your house, but a lot of times the atmosphere is not conducive for Him because you've got all kinds of trash going on in your home.
I'm telling you: make the atmosphere perfect, make the house perfect in the spirit realm by worship.
He loves worship.
Worship Him, and I'm telling you He'll come in your house and abide with you.
And He's great; He'll come.
You'll be in there, and all of a sudden you start worshiping the Lord.
Hallelujah!
Oh Lord, I praise You!
They don't have to be anything serious; just sing to Him: 'Oh God, You're so good to me, thank You for all You've done.
' And you start worshiping Him, and I'm telling you—I've said it before—when you get real, God has to get real with you.
And so, you know, I really thought that these prayer tips might help you.
This is a walk; this is a way of life for me.
This is how I live my life.
I stay in an attitude of gratitude.
I take the care out of my prayer.
I try so hard to not let the devil come in with thoughts of fear.
I feed on the word.
Get in the word—priority number one above all of it.
Get in the word.
If you abide in Me and My words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
Remember that; get that down on the inside of you.
You've got to get that down, and it has to be a foundation of a rock—a rock-solid foundation of the word inside of you.
Build your house on that so that when the winds and the waves and the storms come, it's not able to knock your house down.
Remember that the devil always comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but you've just got to get the word down inside of you.
And He that dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide in the shadow of the Almighty.
Stay in that secret place; stay in that secret place of the shadow of the Almighty today.
I love you guys.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, and I just thank you for being with my family here.
If you all could please like and share this video, it really helps me to get the word out, to get the gospel out.
I just want to tell you: Jesus loves you today.
He loves you so much; I hope you realize that.
Thank you for being a part of my family.
God bless you and have a good day.